
How likely is it that you would recommend your class to another student?
------------------------------------------------------------------------

DETRACTORS (0-6)		0
PASSIVES (7-8)			6
PROMOTERS (9-10)		5
TOTAL				11


Was the speed with which your instructor presented the course material
too fast, too slow, or about right?
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Much too fast		0
Too fast		3
The right amount	8
Too slow		0
Much too slow		0
TOTAL			11


What did you like about the class?
----------------------------------

Very entertaining lectures, stimulating content and the workload feels
just right for a 10 credit module. One of my favourite classes I've
taken in my university career

Agda is extremely interesting and help with understanding the material
presented in the lectures. The assignments are challenging and fun.

too many assignments

Engaging lecturer, useful tutorials, well administered (everything on
GitHub + GitHub pages + improvements via pull requests are
encouraged).

Lots of support in tutorials

The professor is so passionate.

Professor: humorous language, passionate teaching.

Engaging lecturer, small class, most hands-on tuition I've received
out of any class at this university with both the lecturer and the TAs
giving you 3 hrs of their time each week just to help you out with the
exercises. Instant feedback on your thought process, presented in a
helpful and friendly way.

Interesting content, agda is a lot of fun to use

Extremely capable lecturer, and the tutorials are both enjoyable to
complete and it’s great how classmates can help each other out because
solutions need not be secretive

Enthusiasm of lecturer, large amount of contact hours.



What would you change?
----------------------

The logical foundations part of the course felt like it dragged on for
a very long time. I think this was just because I knew that we'd get
to the exciting part later and that it was being put off by the LF
part, and that I had already taken modules vaguely in this area and
was quite confident with that content However, during the actual PLF
part I feel like it's suddenly got much harder and we've almost rushed
through things. The difficulty feels a little imbalanced, but that's
ok as you would generally expect a course to get harder as time goes
on.

More structure around the project/essay, I’m not sure how to approach
it. More type theory. The course demonstrates the power of dependent
types in Agda, it would be nice to look in to the theory behind
them. Also sorts, I have seen it in error messages but not quite sure
what they are.

Lecture recordings, for later recap Not about this course, but more
courses need to use github

Go slower on part 2

nothing

Nothing

As soon as part 2 started I found it much harder to absorb the
material covered in the lectures. I suspect this is due to the
increasingly technical material making it harder to give proofs live,
leading to too much of just reading the course textbook out loud
(though this was still helpful, as reading the technical bits is in
itself a sizeable challenge at times). If possible I think it could be
helpful to do some more live proofs in part 2.

The pace of part 1 feels right. Part 2 feels very rushed, and I don't
think enough time has been spent on any area of it for me to really
follow what's going on. I would suggest giving more lectures in part
2, ideally by extending the total number of lectures.

Make it more credits/double term - just more would be great

Part 2 of the course covers too short a time period. I think the
course should either span the whole 10 weeks of the semester, or Part
1 should be taught quicker to make time for Part 2
